#BIOS#

##Email from Reina, Via Dayna, Dec 4

### Secondary Faculty ###

Name:Andrews Sowah Adjei
Subject:Art
Hobbies:Reading and Listening to good music 
Likes about Teaching: When students have been able to apply what they have been thought to solve a problem.


Name:Samuel Bonney   
Subject:Visual Art  
Hobbies: Reading and Listening to Music  
likes about teaching: Giving knowledge, skills and techniques to students on their pursuance of acquisition of creativity.


Name:Victor Kattah
Subject:Physics 
Hobbies: Reading     
likes about teaching: Knowledge Sharing

Name:Benjamin Tee  Sowah 
Subject:ICT 
Hobbies: DJ, Rap, Reading, Basket Ball   
likes about teaching: In teaching, I am able to make students have confidence in themselves by letting them know that nothing is difficult but a challenge, and also I get to impart their lives.


Daniel Amoako-Asante    
Information and Communication   
Cooking, Reading about Technology and Satellite TV Tracking     
Teaching gives me joy and I believe I have the position to make a huge difference and influence children and guide them as they grow.


Juliana Mensah  
Chemistry   
Reading or watching Science fiction
It’s a joy to interact with students and to motivate them in their pursuits in the sciences.


Edward Appiah   
Lab Technician
Solving Puzzles, Reading, watching fiction movies and playing games
Being a lab technician exposes me to all kinds of practical work and also being able to educate people on how equipments and tools work in the lab.

John Kekeli Letsu   
Chemistry   
Tennis and listening to classical music
What I like about teaching:  Helping underperforming students to excel brings me a lot of joy. I also love it when my students keep chalking higher success

Cindy   
French
Swimming and doing Shopping 
I love that I can share my knowledge with my students.

Frederick Oppong- Boadi  
Geography and History   
Reading and Playing football    
Helping students to mature, and becoming responsible adults.

Manelle 
Arabic  
Reading 
I love to help students to know what they want to do, and I also enjoy teaching then them and learning from them.


Ms. Boudour Obeid   
Arabic  
Reading and Sipping Coffee  
Teaching is interaction, communication, exchanging opinions, sharing experiences, inspiring students not only academically, but personally socially and emotionally.

Majida Beiruti  
Islamic Studies 
Reading 
Transferring knowledge and being close to students.


Ida Alottey-Brown
English as an Additional Language (EAL)  
Watching movies, travelling and cooking 
Imparting knowledge and helping students develop good values.

Kobena Brew 
Economics, Enterprise, Business Studies
Sports, Travelling and Reading  
The passion for imparting knowledge and seeing the students’ progress.


Bobila Stephen  
Maths and Additional Maths  
Solving Puzzles and IT  
Inculcating knowledge into students and seeing then progress. 

Dorinda Tham    
English and Global Perspective  
Reading Novels, Cooking, Baking Pastries and Playing Monopoly   
I love the fact that I can build relationship in the classroom and inspire my students. Most of all, when I see how students apply the knowledge and skills they have acquired, it makes me feel that I have made an impact on their lives.


Mr. Forson Emmanuel 
Biology / Mathematics   
Reading, Swimming and Teaching  
The professionalism; and joy expressed on faces of pupils when a new concept is involved and understood.

Victoria Budu
English language and English Literature
Reading, Sight-seeing and Watching Movies
Knowledge impartation and instilling sound moral principles in students


-----------------------------------------------------------------------------


##Email from Dayna, Nov 4##
    NOTE: Info incomplete, could be obsolete. NEEDS UPDATE

### Staff ###

Ali Abubakar Saddik - Can be described as someone who is committed to whatever tasks he undertakes. Having taught in ARIS for some time, he has demonstrated the ability to deliver and that is one key attribute of Mr. Saddik. He currently teaches Science, History and Geography at the fifth and sixth grade, a position he is will to occupy for a very long time. He holds a qualification from the Institute of Professional Studies. Mr. Ali Say’s “Al-Rayaan holds a very strong place in his heart. Al-Rayaan is not just statue, but is a place where I gained a family, I’ve gained self-respect, and I’ve grown as a professional. So when I think of Al-Rayaan, I think of home.”

Ida Assiamah Darko – Is an honest, organized and reliable teaching assistant who is well disciplined. Ida Assiamah holds an HND in Accounting from Accra Polytechnic and has been very instrumental in providing support to class teachers. She say’s “over the years, I have enjoyed seeing the students outperform their own expectations and such a success has brought me a great deal of confidence”. She believes that a teacher is not just a guide, but a friend who helps with the learning process and that’s why she is in ARIS. Talking about the long term, she hopes to become a class teacher someday.

Abdul-Mumin Mohammed – Teaches French at the primary level and has been teaching the subject for some years now. Before joining ARIS, he taught in schools such as Madina Islamic School, Madina Islamic Teachers Training Institute etc. He holds a GCE A level qualification in French and currently pursuing a BA in Islamic Studies and Business Administration online at Islamic Online University (IOU) in Doha.

Christopher Yao Dotse – Is a hardworking and assiduous librarian who enjoys his work. Mr. Christopher holds an HND Accountancy from Ho Polytechnic and has been working with ARIS since 2009 as the schools librarian. He believes that being a librarian affords him the opportunity to help students reach their fullest potential and ultimately become mature self-learners through reading.

Solomon Elloh – An industrious professional with a good balance of education and experience in physical education. He is currently responsible for physically training the students in all sporting games as well as teaching them how to dance. Mr. Solomon holds a graduate diploma in physical education and has worked with schools such as Glory of Zion Int. School, Glorious Child Complex School etc. He has worked with children from the ages of 5 and above for the past ten years and this rich experience in evident in ARIS. His task now is to mobilize students to form a team in the various disciplines for upcoming competitions.

### Teachers

Hasana Mensah – is a core teacher at the foundation stage based in the playgroup classroom. She has passion for kids and that motivated her to pursue a course in care giving from the Institute of Caregivers in Accra. She is an assiduous lady and that has inspired her to date. Madam Hasana has taught in several Montessori schools in Accra such as the Mother Nest Montessori School, Lola Care Education Centre, Marchmont Early Childhood Centre etc. Hasana also holds a Certificate in Early Childhood Education from the University of Cape Coast and is currently pursuing a degree in Education from the same University.  
Fusena Mensah - is an assistant class teacher at the foundation stage based in the reception classroom. She has passion for kids and that motivated her to pursue a course in care giving from the Institute of Caregivers in Accra. She is an assiduous lady and that has inspired her to date. Madam Hasana has taught in several Montessori schools in Accra such as the Mother Nest Montessori School, Lola Care Education Centre, Marchmont Early Childhood Centre etc. Hasana also holds a Certificate in Early Childhood Education from the University of Cape Coast and is currently pursuing a degree in Education from the same University.  

Maud Adjanor – A class teacher in Playgroup has occupied this position since she joined ARIS and her hard work has achieved great success for the various kids that she has handled. With a qualification in Early Childhood Education and Care, Maud as we usually call her displays a lot of love for the kids as if she gave birth to them. No wonder the kids prefer moving to the next class with her. As someone who has a number of years in teaching kids, she has gained the love of many parents. In a bid to improve her performance, she is currently taking a diploma course in Early Childhood Care and Development at the University of Education in Wenniba.

Abigail Asare – Is a teaching assistant in Nursery and displays a lot of support to the class teacher. Inside the classroom, she ensures that all kids pay attention as lessons is ongoing. Madam Abigail holds a Diploma in Business Studies from Kumasi Polytechnic. She has been working in ARIS since 2010 and her role as an assistant has contributed to a high belief of producing intelligent kids for the next class. For now, her desire is to be the class teachers but as she waits for that opportunity, she has vowed to provide the support that the class teacher needs. Her main hobby is reading stories to kids

Wendy Owusu Dei - An enthusiastic and promising young lady who commits herself in everything she does. With a certificate and diploma qualification in pre-school from the University of Education in Wenniba, she hopes to utilize all that she learns in school. Wendy has a lot of experience and has worked with institutions such as Toddlers Inn and Gateway International School. Currently, she a teaching assistant supporting Madam Maud in the Nursery classroom and as it is the dream of everybody; she hopes to occupy the big seat one day.

Bernina Minneaux – With an enviable record of working in big schools in UK, Bernina is now assisting the Nursery teacher to give the kids all that they deserve. After teaching in schools like Ipsley Middle School, Emmanuel Restoration School etc, when she heard the great about Al-Rayaan, she was moved to apply for a position in the school. True to her wish, she is now happily helping to give the future generations the best in education. Bernina hopes to acquire a lot more experience so that her aspiration to become a coordinator for the foundation stage becomes a reality.   

Nana Asantewaa Adutwum – Holds a degree in population and family life from the University of Cape Coast, and upon joining ARIS has been a back bone to the class teacher. Her passion for the pupils and dedicated attitude towards everything she does has earned her the admiration of all including the head of school. Asantewaa as we usually call her is a teaching assistant for Year 1.  Before taking up the post in ARIS, she worked with several health services in Ghana. She has a passion for music and movies.

Vincentia Kpodo – Has over the years displayed her commitment to everything she does. This is evident whenever you see her teaching. With an enviable years of teaching experience, madam Vincentia has proved that she is capable of handling Year 2 pupils for as long as her services will be required in that class. As someone who has gained a universal education from Kwame Nkrumah University of Science and Technology (KNUST), her objective while is ARIS is to make sure that kids that pass through her class have an unforgettable experience. Madam Vincentia has passion for music, reading and dance.

Nazeer Dowuona – A teaching assistant has been very instrumental in the Year 2 class providing classroom support to the teacher. Mr. Dowuona is a former student of Labone Senior High School and currently pursuing a course in business. He enjoys working with staff teams to build strong relationships, further develop excellent practice and create stimulating classroom environments for children to learn in. He loves music and movies but for the short term, his aspiration is become a class teacher someday. 

Ali Abubakar Saddik – Can be described as someone who is committed to whatever tasks he undertakes. Having occupied his current role for some time, he has demonstrated the ability to deliver and that is one key attribute of Mr. Saddik. He is currently the core teacher for Year 3 a position he is will to occupy for a very long time. He holds a qualification from the Institute of Professional Studies. 

Richard Gavor – Is a graduate from the University of Ghana and holds a qualification in Statistics. Prior to his appointment in Aris, taught in schools such as Kay-Billie-Klaer Academy in East Legon, Attavi Senior High School ect. His commitments to education in its broadest sense lead him to accept a position as the Year 4 class teacher and loves teaching. Having observed pupils in his care grow enormously from class to class gives him a lot of joy. Mr. Gavor is aspiring to become the head of primary in the future. 

Thomas Harvey – Since joining Al-Rayaan has played a key role in the Maths department. Though being the Year Six class teacher, he has also been ensured with the responsibility of providing additional support to students in the secondary level. His remarkable teaching qualities have earned his the admiration of all the staff including the students. As an Alumina of Cape Coast University with strong mathematical background, pupils of ARIS can always rely on Mr. Harvey to any support that they might need.

Richard Annobil - Joined Al-Rayaan as a teaching assistant but due to his hard work and tireless effort in helping the children, he has rising to become a class teacher. Having worked as a pupil teacher in several schools, Mr. Annobil displays maturity in all areas of work and his commitment to his job has earned him a lot of responsibility by making sure the pupils in Secondary pass their final exams. He holds a Bachelor of Arts (BA) degree from the University of Ghana and is proud of working in ARIS. 

Symplice Athodjinou – When it comes to IT, Mr. Symplice has a lot of experience from complete cabling, installation, IP configuration just name it. His expertise cannot be matched as he worked with big IT companies in Ghana before joining ARIS. For the number of years that he has been with the school, we experience fewer problems when it comes to IT issues. As part of his responsibilities, he manages the school website and all general maintenance work relating to IT. 

Madam Victoria - I am a teacher with great insight into the British Educational Curriculum and a specialist in English Language and Literature.  In ARIS, I am also the KS3 Co- ordinator. Throughout my career, I have acquired a firm knowledge of effective teaching and learning methods - both in Ghana and in the United Kingdom. Additionally, due to years of experience, I have the ability to identify the different learning needs of students and adequately cater for them through differentiation during my lesson delivery. 
Furthermore, classroom and behaviour management are key elements around which my career revolves. 

Anokye Emmanuel Forson - I was born in the twin city of Sekondi-Takoradi in Ghana. My father was a chief planning engineer in the Ghana Railways and I attended The Old Hospital Primary School in Sekondi – then considered a posh school for the highly able pupils. As it followed the British Educational Curriculum, the school fee was prohibitive and the entrance selection was rigorous. I passed the common entrance examination and started my secondary education in GSTS (Ghana Secondary Technical School), a school with strong Science ethos. I was the Bell Boy in Form 2 and became the House 6 (Dodoo) Prefect when I started the A-Level Course. In 1981 my father passed on and the family moved to Agona Swedru. Life was awkward. Being the first of five kids, fatherhood became my responsibility. I had to put off further studies to bring in some income. I received my university degree and graduated in 1991 with 2nd Class Upper (GPA 3.15) Honours. Statistics, Biometry, Genetics, Educational Psychology, Child Development and other similar studies contributed significantly to my education and continue to interest me even today. Following the BSc graduation, I was retained as a Teaching/Research Assistant at the University. I completed the National service program in 1993 and begun the M.Phil program in Botany in the same year. After the M.Phil taught courses, I was contracted by a school in South Africa (Lusoti high School) to bolster the academic performance of the pupils. The program was so successful that in 2001 when I had to leave for the United Kingdom, it was almost impossible to find a replacement – the students didn’t want any other Math/Science (Physics tutor) you see. In the Harwich Language College in the UK, I made significant impact on the Educational and Social programs as well as being a tutor of Mathematics. I must indicate that it felt like I was perhaps the first African teacher some of the school governors had actually had contact with. Producing sounds from African drums during school occasions was introduced and I was involved in the staff/student exchange programs between the UK and Ghanaian schools. Having completed a PhD program in Botany, I decided to come back home, to Ghana, to establish my own private nursery and primary schools. Although I focus on teaching Mathematics and Science based on the British Curriculum, I take some time to write about general topics, but particularly on international injustices. I have produced the first volume of a novel THE QUEEN and Her Subject – meant for Research Institutions and National Libraries, and the second is in print. My interests are broad and varied. For example, I like to be in a choir and play football. I was in the Cadet Corps in secondary school and enjoyed athletics. In fact I won many awards, trophies and Certificates as an athlete for myself and GSTS. I have married once, and now divorced. I have two children. I currently work at Al-Rayan International School in Ghana and love to read, to travel and to learn.

