#FACILITIES

##Email from Dayna, Nov 4

Our current campus facilities include an ultra-modern science lab, ICT, library, separate early childhood block and playground, 2 football fields, and 2 primary playgrounds.

Our new complex is based in East Legon. It will house 1,200 students and include international standard range of learning centered facilities designed to maximize our students’ educational experience. It will consist of 4 building blocks, a separate Early Childhood Development Center, Counseling Center, EAL and SEN Centers, Roman Amphitheater, a large Multipurpose Hall seating 500, 4 Science labs, 3 ICT labs, 2 Media and Language labs, 3 Libraries, Music Band Room, 2 Art and Design Workshops. Additional facilities include: 3 canteens, school store, swimming pool, basketball and volleyball courts, full gymnasium, football pitch, school clinic. All classrooms will be equipped with projectors and/or interactive white boards. The first block will be fully functional on September 2013.

##Email From Dayna, Nov 26

The new ARIS campus, from which the Secondary School is currently operating, is based in East Legon on the north eastern outskirts of Accra, approximately 6.5 km from the University of Ghana. The new complex will house 1,200 students and will include a range of first-rate learning facilities designed to maximise the students' educational experience. When completed, the new campus will also reflect the local culture and utilise green technological features exemplifying sustainable environmental practices.

There will be four main blocks, a separate Early Childhood Development Centre, a Counselling Centre, English as an Additional Language (AEL) and Special Educational Needs (SEN) Centres, a Roman Amphitheatre (for al fresco arts events), a large Multipurpose Hall seating 500, four Science labs, four ICT labs, two Media and Language labs, three Libraries, a Music Band Room, and two Visual Arts studios.

Additional facilities will include: three canteens, a school store, a swimming pool, basketball and volleyball courts, a full gymnasium, a football pitch and a school clinic. All classrooms will be equipped with projectors and/or interactive white boards. The first block has been fully functional since September 2014.

A YouTube video of the project can be viewed in the Digital Media section of the school website www.aris.edu.gh